fix: cast `decorators` and `preprocessors` to type string (#2806)
Redocly/redocly-cli: .changeset/cold-dancers-smash.md

---
"@redocly/openapi-core": patch
---

> Fixed an issue where using environment variables in config caused errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where using environment variables in `redocly.yaml` caused a config validation error during the build.
```
